1. 3 things that i learnd from this podcast asre

* I was truly entranced by medical services and how doctors utilize clinical records 
to track and archive their work. It's this truly information driven area. Yet, it's truly 
difficult to get into. You can't actually say, gracious, let me simply hack on your venture
programming framework in the emergency clinic. I simply like to change it in as such and 
check whether that makes it simpler to really focus on patients. One, the product frameworks
are really complicated and managed, and you have patient gamble there too. Thus, I turned and
took a gander at another very information driven space, information examination.

* An extraordinary aspect regarding Jupyter is they have the note pad itself, sort of its front end.
In any case, I consider some the really enduring effect from Jupyter may be only the norms that they
set, about how are we going to send messages to and fro to a bit, what's the journal design, and the 
quite certain JSON structure. Thus, as it were, they're practically similar to a guidelines setter 
like World Wide Web Consortium, HTML or different things. This is exactly how logical registering 
or information examination ought to be recorded and shared. Thus various different gatherings have
come and based on top of Jupyter and those principles.

* I consider one the other fascinating things that we took a gander at was, demonstration of the 
Python environments, we said OK, what are the bundles that individuals are bringing in? Also, simply
tracking down by far most, around 90% or so of these journals are bringing in outside bundles. Things
like Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, were bringing in 66% or a greater amount of them. In this way, simply
the information science framework that is being given is a truly center part. It's not simply having
the scratch pad like Jupyter. It's having the Python environment to have the option to make it happen.

2. After listening to the podcast I'm really facinated about notebooks and how it works and the 
repesentation in JSON format, Jupyter Notebook is platform-independent as well as language-independent.
Another reason is that Jupyter can be processed by any several languages, and can be converted to any
file formats such as Markdown, HTML, PDF.

*We can see both the code and the results at the same time.
*It's easy to use other people's work as a starting point.
* It's very easy to host server side, which is useful for security purposes.

3. After listening to the pocast. I'm really intrested in juyper notebook. the way it is more
flexible and User-friendly.
 Notebook environments like Jupyter notebook are going to increasingly become the core infrastructure
 for data analysis, both in industry, and academia, and journalism that have just proven so valuable as
 their iterative programming environment and for presenting results.